---
layout: post
title: ByteDance Web Infra Team is hiring
author: leeight
permalink: /en/about
---

[简体中文版本](/about)

## Web Infrastructure Team

Our primitive goal is to provide e**X**cellent technical solutions to help the company's business grow, and build an open technical ecology to promote the development of front-end technology in the company and the industry.

Currently we focus on [Modern Web Application solutions, Lowcode / Nocode solutions](https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/88616149), Serverless, [Cross-platform solutions](https://tzxhy.github.io/2020/02/19/%E5%85%B3%E4%BA%8E%E8%B7%A8%E7%AB%AF%E6%96%B9%E6%A1%88%E7%9A%84%E8%B0%83%E7%A0%94/), Core experience, ToB, etc. We have set up R&D teams in different locations, including Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and 🇸🇬Singapore.

Team blog: <https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/bytedancer>  
**Apply now: <webinfra@bytedance.com> / [Online](https://jobs.bytedance.com/en/position/6911274886493341965/detail)**

---

📖 The **Singapore** team will focus on:

* **Application Performance Management Platform** provides real-time, highly reliable application monitoring capabilities, intelligent user behavior insight algorithms, and a combination of technology + user + business data, with an evidence-based decision-making chain.
* **Serverless Platform** powers billions of traffic every day, and provides a unified Serverless deployment service to the front-end team, which can easily realize the deployment of static sites, micro front-end applications, SSR, BFF, and other application types.
* **Node.js Infrastructure** focus on building the stable and reliable Node.js ecosystem in ByteDance.

---

📖 **Beijing & Shanghai & Hangzhou** team:

* **Web Dev Engine** is based on Web technology from the top-level solution perspective, providing a tool suite for each division of labor and scenario for the whole process of application software from scratch, continuous improvement and delivery, realizing a next-generation division of labor and work mode centered on real code and final product, pursuing the maximization of DX (developer experience) and UX (user experience), lowering the threshold of building excellent software, helping users to better solve problems, meet demands and innovate iterations, and enabling a limited number of professional developers to support several orders of magnitude higher application development demands than the current ones.
* **Lynx** is a cross-end framework for building user interfaces which only focuses on the view layer. Not like other giant frameworks, Lynx is pretty easy to use and integrate with exists projects or 3rd libraries, which powered simple and complex applications with the support of modern toolchain.
* Based on advanced buried technology, the **Application Performance Management Platform** provides real-time, highly reliable application monitoring capabilities, intelligent user behavior insight algorithms, and a combination of technology + user + business data, with an evidence-based decision-making chain.
* The **Serverless solution** provides a unified Serverless deployment service to the front-end team, which can easily realize the deployment of static sites, micro front-end applications, SSR, BFF and other application types.
* **Node.js Infrastructure** focus on building the stable and reliable Node.js ecosystem in ByteDance.
* ...

---

📖 **Shenzhen** team:

* **To Business** as one of the key strategies of the company in 2021, for the Client Infra department, we will take the technology accumulated in the past few years in ByteDance, and through the mobile middle platform, we will export the unified platform capability of mobile R&D, testing, operation and maintenance and operation to the public as a whole to help enterprises' mobile digital transformation, currently [Application Performance Management Platform (APMInsight) ](https://datarangers.com.cn/datarangers/product/apminsight) has been released to the public. For more references on ToB: [ByteDance 2021 Three Major Business Priorities: Cross-Border E-Commerce, To B and Office Hardware](https://www.sohu.com/a/437231608_115565)

---

📖 **Guangzhou** team:

* Guangzhou **Test Infra team** belongs to Client Infra department and is responsible for the construction of test-related infrastructure of BytePulse, including IAAS/rack (mainly providing support for test hardware equipment including real machines, emulators, Linux equipment, network equipment and custom-developed performance labs), PAAS/platform (based on hardware equipment, exporting platform-based solutions), SAAS/testing services (based on rack capacity, gradually precipitating unified and universal testing services around business pain points, such as stability testing, performance anti-degradation testing, special performance testing, UI testing, etc.). (based on the hardware equipment, the external output of platform solutions), SAAS/testing services (based on the rack capacity, around the business pain points, gradually precipitate unified, universal testing services, such as: stability testing, performance anti-degradation testing, special performance testing, UI automation testing and unit testing services), the current rack construction and SAAS service capabilities, has reached the absolute leading position in the industry position, and will export these capabilities to the outside world through [Volcano Engine](https://www.volcengine.cn/) in the future.

---

🎄 Some of the team members:

* <https://github.com/leeight> (Team Leader)
* <https://github.com/dexteryy> (JS Hacker, SF/F Nerd)
* <https://github.com/underfin> (Vue.js Core Contributor)
* <https://github.com/Amour1688> (Vue.js Contributor)
* <https://github.com/oyyd> (Node.js Core Contributor)
* <https://github.com/leizongmin> (Node.js Advocate)
* <https://github.com/losfair> (WebAssembly)
* ....

## Frontend Tech Leader

[✉️ webinfra@bytedance.com](mailto:webinfra@bytedance.com) / [🔗 Apply Here](https://jobs.bytedance.com/en/position/6911274886493341965/detail)

### Minimum qualifications

1. Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience.
2. 5 years of hands-on technical leadership and people management experience.
3. Programming experience in one of the following: JavaScript, TypeScript, Java, C++ or Python.
4. Experience with developing automated internal frameworks, increasing developer and release velocity, improving code health and building developer tools.

### Preferred qualifications

1. MS or PhD in Computer Science or related degree.
2. 10 years of relevant industry experience, with 5 years of hands-on technical leadership and people management experience.
3. Experience in the design, implementation and delivery of scalable build/test/release infrastructure.

### Responsibilities

1. Help build a team and cultivate innovation by driving cross-collaboration and execution of projects across multiple teams.
2. Lead designs of major software components, systems, and features.
3. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve the software.
4. Mentor and train other team members on design techniques, and coding standards.
5. Build our platforms, systems and infrastructure using your background in distributed systems and large-scale storage or networking systems.

### Ideal Candidate

1. Agile, quick self learner, highly self-motivated with strong sense of product ownership and creative problem solver.
2. Deeply passionate about software coding/development and building great mobile/web applications.
3. Ability to lead independent research to solve complex technical problems.
4. Empathetic and results oriented leader and mentor.
5. Good collaborator and team player, comfortable working in a fast moving, culturally diverse and globally distributed team environment.
6. Professional level proficiency in written and spoken English.

## Software Engineer (All levels)

[✉️ webinfra@bytedance.com](mailto:webinfra@bytedance.com) / [🔗 Apply Here](https://jobs.bytedance.com/en/position/6911268441803835662/detail)

### Minimum qualifications

1. Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent practical experience.
2. Experience as a Full Stack/Front End Developer.
3. Experience working with one or more of the following programming languages: Java, JavaScript, TypeScript and/or C/C++.
4. Experience developing or designing client-side applications.

### Preferred qualifications

1. Experience with compiled, statically typed server technologies (Java, Go).
2. Experience with ES6 and TypeScript.
3. Experience developing high load/high traffic user-facing software.
4. Experience with cloud technologies.
5. Experience with building, maintaining and optimizing responsive web apps.
6. Linux/Unix skills.

### Responsibilities

1. Build next generation web applications with a focus on the client side.
2. Design and develop overall architecture of the web application.
3. Collaborate with the rest of the engineering team to design and launch new features.